add please program (#52)
TaKO8Ki/awesome-alternatives-in-rust: README.md

* [fnm](https://github.com/Schniz/fnm) - 🚀 Fast and simple Node.js version manager, built in Rust
* [volta](https://github.com/volta-cli/volta) - Volta: JS Toolchains as Code. ⚡

> #### please
> 
> * [please](https://github.com/dalance/procs) - `sudo` like program with regex support written in rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### sudo

* [please](https://gitlab.com/edneville/please) - `sudo` like program with regex support written in rust
```

#### ps

> * [procs](https://gitlab.com/edneville/please) - A modern replacement for ps written in Rust

Reviewer: I think you changed the wrong line by mistake.

```suggestion
* [procs](https://github.com/dalance/procs) - A modern replacement for ps written in Rust
```
